What's this about you?
Don't worry, your daughter will make a joint order,
In the blue sky, we are happy to express ourselves. In fact, we will never drive.
This drive, this drive,
This drive, this drive, this drive, this drive,
This drive, this drive, this drive, this drive, this drive,
This drive, this drive, this drive, this drive, this drive, this drive,
This drive, this drive, this drive, this drive, this drive, this drive, this drive,
This drive, this drive, this drive, this drive, this drive, this drive, this drive, this drive, this drive, this drive, this drive, this drive, this drive.
Isn't that bullying? That's right
I'm far away
you did your own thing
Without you to worry about
Go check it out for me
Which companies are they from?
Focus on killing the company